Behavior Definition

Product States
    Battery States
    - Charging - Power is connected but not fully charged.
    - Fully Charged - Power is connected and fully charged.
    - On Battery - Power is not connected.
    - Low Battery - Battery is less 30%. Warning is displayed.
    - Shutdown - System is disconnected.

    Systems State
    - Sleep - Process is in low power mode.
    - Normal - Processor is initialized and waits for input. Device uses normal battery capacity in this state.
    - Recording - Device is recording and storing to memory.

    Initial State: Charging
      Event: Charge switch is set to on, micro USB is connected to power supply
          1. Battery charges
          2. Devices remains in previous state
          3. Charger LED displays yellow

    Initial State: Fully Charged
       Event: Charge switch has been set to on position and device has been charging
          1. Charger LED displays green
       Event: Micro USB port is disconnected from power supply
          1. LED displays no color
       Event: Charge switch is moved to off position
          1. LED goes from green to displaying no color.
          2. Battery fully charged

    Initial State: On Battery
        Event: Processor turned on (charger off)
          1. Devices is drawing power from battery
        Event: Shutdown device
          1. Processor no longer on battery
        Event: Low battery
          1. System stores any unsaved data

    Initial State: Low Battery
      Event: With charger on, solid red LED indicates low battery state
           1. System stores any unsaved data
      Event: Low battery message displays on Viewfinder
           1. System stores any unsaved data
      Event: Connect charger to power supply
           1. System moves to On Battery state

    Initial State: Shutdown
      Event: Power button is pressed while in shutdown state
           1. Device powers on to normal state

    Initial State: Sleep
      Event: Record button is pressed while in sleep state
           1. Device enters normal state

    Initial State: Normal
      Event: Devices is ready for general operation
           1. Records immediately when record button is pressed
           2. Saves data when record button is pressed again
      Event: Power button is held for 5 seconds
           1. Device powers off/ goes to shutdown state
      Event: Device is idle for 5 minutes
           1. Device goes to power saving, sleep mode
